# Visual Argument

For this project, I intially wanted to create something that shows the effects of climate change. I tried to come up with different ways to display this in the project, but I struggled with finding an effective way. So, then I decided to focus more on one specific aspect of climate change. Everyday, I go on social media and I see different people wearing fast fashion brands or different advertisments for these companies. So,I decided to focus more on the effects of the fashion industry on the earth. I knew I wanted to include an image of a dumpster with all the waste from fast fashion because in the past, I would see pictures of all the waste from this industry and it was very moving to me. Seeing these images actually was what made me start thinking about shopping more sustainably. I also wanted to include an influencer in this image as well because I think it is very relevant to the use of social media today. So, I included a dumpster full of clothes and Kim Kardashian who is known for having,posting and collaborating with fast fashion brands. On top of it, I included a quote that says "Its called fashion. Look it up." This is in reference to a meme that was going around a couple of years ago. The intended audience for this for social media platforms because this visual arguments acts more like a meme. Some key design concepts I utilized in this image would be irony and power of faces. The concept it self is ironic because Kim is basically saying its fashion while sitting in a dumpster. The power of faces comes in play here because she is looking directly at the audience with an unapologetic facial expression. Some editting tools I used were layering, the lasso tool, and the eraser tool. Creating this image was not very difficult because using the tools were very intuitive. I think the hardest part of creating this image was placing everything in the correct place. Some design principles I used in this image was less is more and irony. The irony comes from Kim kardashian sitting on the garbage of clothes and the less is more comes from the fact that this image is pretty simple.

Changes I made: I only changed to this assignment is the creator's statement. I added more to it and explained more of the choices I made and the design principles I wanted to emulate. I also included the specific tools I used in Gimp to create this image. 

Sources:
Image one: https://fotos.perfil.com/2021/11/09/trim/1140/641/fast-fashion-chile-atacama-1266455.jpg

Image 2:https://www.highsnobiety.com/p/kim-kardashian-vogue-cover/
